Persistent storage for log entries and state (#48)
haraldng/omnipaxos: docs/src/foreword.md

Similar to Raft, OmniPaxos can be used to build strongly consistent services such as replicated state machines. Additionally, the leader election of OmniPaxos offers better resilience to partial connectivity and more flexible and efficient reconfiguration compared to Raft.

> The library consist of three parts: `omnipaxos_core`, `omnipaxos_runtime` and `omnipaxos_storage`. The `omnipaxos_core` implements the algorithms of OmniPaxos as plain Rust structs and is suitable for integration with systems that already have an async runtime or are implemented in an actor framework. It requires users to implement the interaction between the different structs themselves as we describe [here](ble/index.md). If you just want a replicated log out of the box, we suggest using `omnipaxos_runtime` instead, which hides all the interactions from the user by using [Tokio](https://tokio.rs/). Both core and runtime makes use of `omnipaxos_storage`, which offers storage implementations that can store the replicated state and log entries. More about storage is described in the 'Storage' section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library consist of three parts: `omnipaxos_core`, `omnipaxos_runtime` and `omnipaxos_storage`. The `omnipaxos_core` implements the algorithms of OmniPaxos as plain Rust structs and is suitable for integration with systems that already have an async runtime or are implemented in an actor framework. It requires users to implement the interaction between the different structs themselves as we describe [here](ble/index.md). If you just want a replicated log out of the box, we suggest using `omnipaxos_runtime` instead, which hides all the interactions from the user by using [Tokio](https://tokio.rs/). You can provide your own implementation for storing the log and state of OmniPaxos, but we also provide both in-memory and persistent storage implementations that work out of the box in `omnipaxos_storage`.
```
